ğğ¢ğ±ğšğ›ğšğ² ğ‹ğ¢ğœğğ§ğ¬ğ - ğ–ğ¡ğšğ­ ğ¢ğ¬ ğšğ¥ğ¥ğ¨ğ°ğğ ğšğ§ğ ğ°ğ¡ğšğ­ ğ¢ğ¬ ğ§ğ¨ğ­?
Pixabay images and videos may be used freely for commercial and noncommercial use but there are some restrictions. Find out more in this article.

Images and videos are released under the Pixabay License and may be used freely for almost any purpose - even commercially. Attribution is appreciated, but not required.


Exceptions
Don't redistribute or sell someone else's Pixabay images or videos on other stock or wallpaper platforms.
Don't sell unaltered copies of an image. e.g. sell an exact copy of a stock photo as a poster, print or on a physical product.
Don't portray identifiable people in a bad light or in a way that is offensive.
Don't use images with identifiable brands to create a misleading association with a product or service. For example: do not use an image of NASA and place it adjacent to your own product in a way that suggests NASA would recommend the product.
In addition to these common sense regulations, there is more to know:

Model- and Property Release
Imagine, would you like to see your face in a TV spot without being asked for permission? No? Therefore, identifiable people must give their consent for public usage of their images. This is meant by the term "Model Release".

The same goes for private property, trademarks, and visible logos: Would you like to see your private home displayed for example on an advertising column without prior notice? Nope? That's the reason for the so-called "Property Release". The object owner must give permission to use pictures of his/her belongings. But the Property Release also covers special cases, where designs or seemingly public buildings are protected. Examples are designs of new notebooks or mobile phones, as well as the Chrysler Building in New York or the London Eye. If you'd like to use pictures of that, the creators/owners must be asked for permission. Be particularly careful with images depicting Walt Disney and Lego products, whose rights only permit editorial use. Getty Images offers a large and highly useful database for looking up intellectual property release requirements: http://wiki.gettyimages.com/

However, there is a difference between editorial and commercial use. Model- and Property Releases are particularly important for commercial applications. If you are i.e. showing an image on your blog, it is non-commercial, editorial usage. In general, no release is required for such applications. Commercial use is loosely defined as all sorts of businesses, where you are actually selling something, or if you use images for advertising purposes. Take particularly care, when it comes to huge quantities, e.g. if you were to create an advertisement in a famous magazine or if you were to design a new iPhone cover.
Conclusion: It all may seem terribly complicated or risky, but actually, it isn't. Simply put yourself in the position of a depicted person or in the position of an owner or designer: Would you approve of the intended application without being asked? That is the question you should always ask yourself before using a Pixabay image without release.

Conclusions
Understand that Pixabay images can be used in many instances (except those listed in exceptions) without asking permission from the image author. However, it is still your responsibility, to make sure the depicted content (persons, logos, private property, etc.) is suitable for your application and does not infringe any rights.
